## translate  
    Confucius is the founder of the tweet style, and The Analects is the earliest tweet collection. Each saying is less than 140 words, laconic, and profound.They are also a little bitty because a lot sayings in it are in order to share his emotion and chat his theory. What`s more, they have strong interactivity, for Confucius often chatting with ZiGong, YanHui and ZiLu. Confucius own more than 3000 fans, and 72 of them are premium fans.  
## write  
###  1.Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay entitled Pursue Happiness without Being Money-Oriented by referring to the saying “ You can cite examples to illustrate your point. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.  
    Pursue Happiness without Being Money-Oriented
    Everyone wants to be happiness even if someone would be stuck by sadness temporarily. We can do exercise with friends in order to pursue Happiness.  
    Doing exercise can give our body the most quickly feedbacks. For example, sweat would record our exercise when we run on the playground. What`s more, the increasing journey can also make us healthier and more confident. From this, we can be stronger than before which will truly give ourselves happiness with such a good habit. What will make it even happier is that we can have friends doing this with ourselves, developing friendship at the same time. Money can only give us temporary happiness but health and friendship are sources of happiness, waiting our develop.  
    Doing exercise is not a big deal, so let us begin now to have more happiness.  
### 2.Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of creativity by commenting on the remark:“My contention is that creativity now is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status.” You can give examples to illustrate your point and then explain how we can develop our creativity. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.
    Creativity comes from small things
    Creativity is an ability to think deeply and frequently. As We can all observe in detail, we should have creativity to tackle our problem. So, I think that creativity is important and we need to keep confused to develop that ability.
    When we meet things the first time, we may be intrested in it. And we will master some of them after frequent meet. For me, one of them is the YangHui Triangle. Then, the deep thinking will give you another way to undestand it. And for me, it occured to me that the thing I frequent meet have something to do with taylor series. Form this, we can learn that creativity does not mean that we need to find something brandnew.
    In my opinion, we can develop creativity throw deep thnking and bold try.